Explain how to handle terminated services and how to rename services (#96)
OpenTermsArchive/docs: content/contributing-terms.en.md

  },
];
```

> ### Handling terminated service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Handling terminated services
```

or 

```suggestion
### Handling a terminated service
```

> If the service provider terminates a service, the associated terms will become unavailable. To apply a service closure in Open Terms Archive you must:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the service provider stops offering a service, the associated terms will become unavailable. To mark that service termination in Open Terms Archive, move all the terms of the service to its history:
```

> If the service provider stops offering a service, the associated terms will become unavailable. To mark that service termination in Open Terms Archive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the service provider stops offering a service, the associated terms will become unavailable. To mark that service termination in Open Terms Archive and ensure tracking tentatives are stopped, while maintaining the possibility to explore the history:
```

> 1. Move the documents declaration to the service [history file](#terms-declaration-history).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Move the existing documents declaration to the service [history file](#terms-declaration-history).
```

> 

Reviewer: > I believe there needs to be no empty line for Markdown to render this as a list 🤔 
```suggestion
```

> 1. Remove declared `<terms type>` in the declarations file. Hereinafter, an example of a service declaration where `documents` key has been emptied of `<terms type>` tracked 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the declaration to stop tracking all terms, by removing all the `<terms type>` entries from the  `documents` key in the declaration:
```

> 2. Update the declaration to stop tracking all terms, by removing all the `<terms type>` entries from the  `documents` key in the declaration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the declaration to stop tracking all terms, by removing every `<terms type>` entries from the  `documents` key in the declaration:
```

  "name": "<service name>",
  "documents": {}
}
```

> 2. Fill the associated history file, as it is [documented](#terms-declaration-history).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Move the documents declaration to the service [history file](#terms-declaration-history).
```

> 2. Fill the associated history file, as it is [documented](#terms-declaration-history).

Reviewer: What should the `validUntil` date be? 🙂

Author: I guess what's already written is enough.

> Both for terms and filters history, the expiration date is declared in a property `validUntil`. It should be the authored date and time of the last snapshot commit for which the declaration is still valid.

### Renaming a service

> We consider that a service provider renaming a service (for example, `Twitter` to `X`) is akin to terminating the previous service and opening a new one. Therefore, to apply a service renaming, open a pull request that both [terminates the previous service](#handling-terminated-service) and adds a new [service declaration](#declaring-a-new-service) with the new service name. You can reuse the `documents` part of the declaration, but should double-check that the selectors and URLs still match, as a service rename is most often accompanied by a new page layout, a new domain name, and sometimes entirely new terms.

Reviewer: Avoid usage of unclear “we”.
```suggestion
The consensus is to consider that a service provider renaming a service (for example, `Twitter` to `X`) is akin to terminating the previous service and opening a new one. Therefore, to apply a service renaming, open a pull request that both [terminates the previous service](#handling-terminated-service) and adds a new [service declaration](#declaring-a-new-service) with the new service name. You can reuse the `documents` part of the original declaration, but should double-check that the selectors and URLs still match, as a service rename is most often accompanied by a new page layout, a new domain name, and sometimes entirely new terms.
```
